>> Will Sentance: Let's
have thumbs at this point.
We're gonna go back to
the challenges in a second and
then we're gonna have
closing thoughts after that.
Everybody's thumbs out, man.
Clarification, let's get into challenges,
everyone's thumbs out let's see it.
Katie has a clarifying?
>> Katie: No
>> Will Sentance: No, Katie is clear.
Yeah people might, so
that's a good question from Justin there,
I'm sorry, Julian.
Do we in the end actually say,
user2 and user1's prototype is user?
I really don't like that vagueness.
Because it's definitely not,
it's user.prototype.
That's the prototype of user1 and user2.
It's this object here, not this object.
It's the sub-object, the one
attached on the property prototype.
So I prefer you said user1 and
user2's prototype is user.prototype,
which is this object here, I prefer that.
I also love instead, if you're gonna
say that, at least clarify and
say that is to say, the reference made
in the _proto_reference on user1,
is to the object user.prototype.
I much prefer that more intuitive way.
Victor says, what about the class
keywords define a class?
Is there any difference?
Victor, I hope we answered your question.
In terms of performance,
I encourage using it, Victor.
In terms of performance with this sort
of stuff, we're doing under the hood,
similar things.
All right, Julian,
how should we do if we want to attach
a proto to an already declared function?
Is there an accepted way to do that?
Attach a new proto is not best practice.
So Julian's question is, hold on,
what if I wanna set a whole new guy here
as the proto to all of these objects.
That's not best practice.
We can do it by using a built
in method setPrototypeOf.
But typically it's apparently
very poor performance.
Under the hood,
a whole bunch of things have to be
re-optimized to make that successful.
We can do it, but what we tend to do
instead is it better to create a whole new
object, and
have set a new prototype for it.
But we can reset our
prototype if we wanted to.
But not best practice, Lindsey.
>> Lindsey: What if you wanna
add a new method later,
would you use-
>> Will Sentance: Do we
have access to there?
Can we do it?
>> Lindsey: We just do it the old way,
like user.prototype?
>> Will Sentance: Yeah,
we can do it either way, absolutely, yeah.
>> Lindsey: Okay.
>> Will Sentance: Absolutely